How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    When we look at a file without any tools we are forced to find all bugs
    manually, that is looking with our eyes at every line of code and even at
    every single word! This is not a very convinient way of finding the bugs.
    Diff helps us, because it forced computer to do all this tedius and boring
    work rather then people.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I see 2 reasons here. First is that I can get an access to specific file
    in the past and can use it for bug fixing or features development. Second
    reason is that programmer can use some old version of file to develop 
    completely new project which will be based on the same foundation with old
    project.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: you can decide when to create a commit and connect this with finishing
    some logical part of the project. Cons: you can make wrong decision about
    making the commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because Google Docs is not developed for programming projects, where there is
    a typicall situation when several files are interconnected between each other.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log show full history of commits in the repository. Once we look at this
    history and want to detect the file where was some change, we conduct git diff
    to show us all changes was made by the particular commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    We are confident to make changes that could break something because we know that
    if something will go wrong we will be able to rewind back. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to try to use Git for some of my future projects.
